First 4 how-to-guides (#65)
bcgov/aps-infra-platform: documentation/how-to/create-gateway-service.md

Service configuration allows Kong to manage, route, and handle requests to upstream services.

Service configuration is stored in a GatewayService object in the API Services
Portal. GatewayServices can be crafted from a template or generated from an
OpenAPI specification, both of which are explained below.

Once you have created a GatewayService, its functionality can be extended with our
[Supported Plugins](/gateway/AVAILABLE-PLUGINS.md). They are essentially modular components 
that can be added to Kong to add new features or alter the behavior of existing features.

<!-- ## Declarative Configuration -->
<!-- this could be a good place to add in a general introduction to declarative syntax -->

!!! warning "Upstream service setup"
    If your upstream services run on Platform
    Service's Silver or Gold OpenShift cluster, you will need to
    configure the network polices to allow access from the API Gateway.
     [Upstream service setup](/resources/upstream-services.md)

## Before you begin

- [Install gwa CLI](/how-to/gwa-install.md)
- [Create a Namespace](/how-to/gwa-commands.md#namespacecreate)

## Define service configuration

### Using a template

> There are currently two GatewayService templates supported by the `gwa` command line interface (CLI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are currently two gateway configuration templates supported by the `gwa` command line interface (CLI).
```
the templates contain more than just the GwService

    configure the network polices to allow access from the API Gateway.
     [Upstream service setup](/resources/upstream-services.md)

## Before you begin

- [Install gwa CLI](/how-to/gwa-install.md)
- [Create a Namespace](/how-to/gwa-commands.md#namespacecreate)

## Using a template

There are currently two GatewayService templates supported by the `gwa` command line interface (CLI).

They are `kong-httpbin`, which creates a basic, unprotected service, and `client-credentials-shared-idp`, 
which creates a service protected with [Client Credential Protection](/how-to/client-cred-flow.md), 
as well as a CredentialIssuer, DraftDataset, and Product.

1. Generate Configuration File:

Run the following command, substituting a unique service subdomain for your API which will be part of your vanity URL: <MYSERVICE>.api.gov.bc.ca.

=== "kong-httpbin"
`gwa generate-config --template kong-httpbin --service <MYSERVICE> --upstream https://httpbin.org`
=== "client-credentials-shared-idp"
`gwa generate-config --template client-credentials-shared-idp --service <MYSERVICE> --upstream https://httpbin.org`

2. Publish to the API Services Portal:

=== "kong-httpbin"
```shell linenums="0"

> gwa apply -i gw-config.yml

Reviewer: this issue still stands - we can update docs when we release new cli with the fix

```
=== "client-credentials-shared-idp"
```shell linenums="0"

> gwa pg gw-config.yml

Reviewer: this change should be made (and wont require future amendment)
